Add v6 preview docs (#316)
pester/docs: docs/usage/configuration.mdx

```powershell
(New-PesterConfiguration).Debug | Format-List

ShowFullErrors         : Show full errors including Pester internal stack. This property is deprecated, and if set to true it will override Output.StackTraceVerbosity to 'Full'. (False, default: False)
WriteDebugMessages     : Write Debug messages to screen. (False, default: False)
WriteDebugMessagesFrom : Write Debug messages from a given source, WriteDebugMessages must be set to true for this to work. You can use like wildcards to get messages from multiple sources, as well as * to get
                         everything. (System.String[], default: System.String[])
ShowNavigationMarkers  : Write paths after every block and test, for easy navigation in VSCode. (False, default: False)
ReturnRawResultObject  : Returns unfiltered result object, this is for development only. Do not rely on this object for additional properties, non-public properties will be renamed without previous notice. (False,
                         default: False)
```

> The configuration object can be constructed either via the Default static property or by casting a hashtable to it. You can also cast a hashtable to any of its sections. Here are three different ways to the same goal:

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration object can be constructed either using the `New-PesterConfiguration` command or by casting a hashtable to the `PesterConfiguration` type. Here are three different ways to the same goal:
```
